Update Extern library to the latest XDA (2022.0.0) (#38)
robotology/yarp-device-xsensmt: xsensmt/CMakeLists.txt

         
  yarp_install(FILES "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/xsensmt.ini"  DESTINATION ${YARP_PLUGIN_MANIFESTS_INSTALL_DIR})

>   # Install the example file from Xsens
>   add_executable(xsensExample exampleScanDevicesAndReceiveData.cpp)
>   target_link_libraries(xsensExample xsens_mt_software_suite)
>   install(TARGETS xsensExample RUNTIME DESTINATION bin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Install the example file from Xsens
  add_executable(yarp-xsensmt-example exampleScanDevicesAndReceiveData.cpp)
  target_link_libraries(yarp-xsensmt-example xsens_mt_software_suite)
  install(TARGETS yarp-xsensmt-example RUNTIME DESTINATION bin)
```

If we want to keep the executable (I guess for  future debugging) it is better to use an executable with a non-ambigous name.

Author: Good point, suggestion committed!
